KURAPATI RAJESH KUMAR
UIPATH (RPA) ASSOCIATE
H.NO : 1-5/4C, Amruthapur, Nizamabad.
+91-9550909951 
kurapatirajesh29@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE

 	        Overall, my 3+ years of experience as a UiPath RPA Associate have equipped me with the necessary skills and knowledge to effectively leverage UiPath’s automation platform and contribute to the success of an organization. I am confident in my ability to deliver high-quality automation solutions that streamline processes, increase productivity, and drive business growth.

SUMMARY

●	Overall 3+ years of IT experience as RPA Associate.
●	Experienced in building RPA (Robotic process Automation) solutions in UiPath Studio.
●	Developed robotic bots using RE Framework.
●	Has good understanding and integrating applications with UiPath.
●	Ability to work with team members or as an individual.
●	Confident in serving the best results. 
●	Proficient in UiPath Studio, Orchestrator and other automation tools.
●	Stimulated in the process of UiPath Orchestrator for deployment, monitoring, and management of UiPath Robots automation activity.  
●	Automated text in PDF's using screen scraping to calculate the invoices and store them into a data table using UiPath.
●	Hands-on experience on UiPath studio concepts like debugging a work flow, managing the packages, creating variables, arguments, control flows. 
●	Hands-on experience in automating interfaces like Web, desktop, Citrix, Mainframe,
●	Performed one of the Screen Scraping methods i.e. Optical character recognition (OCR) (Google OCR / Microsoft OCR engines) to process PDF invoices and JPEG images.
●	Maintained both Attended and Unattended Robot resources, and provided centralized Robot logs, remote execution, monitoring, scheduling, and work queues using UiPath Orchestrator.
●	Strong problem solving abilities and a keen eye for detail.
●	Conducted testing and debugging of automation workflows to ensure accuracy and reliability.
●	Design and develop end-to-end RPA solutions to streamline various processes like data entry, invoice processing, customer servicing tasks.
●	Requirements gathering by interacting with the client, algorithm design & workflow design.
●	Expert in designing front office and back office process using Robotic Process Automation tools(UiPath).
●	Attend project related meetings, involved in the designing Process work flows & Process Automation Review.
●	Building Scenarios and Executing the Scenarios based on Client’s Specifications.
●	Good experience on different protocols such as WEB (HTTP/HTML), WEB SERVICES. 
●	Good at Correlation, Parameterization, Debugging and Analyzing results.
●	Experience on Bitbucket and GitHub for the Deployment.
●	Eager to contribute expertise to further the success of organizations in their automation journey.
SKILLS 
●	UiPath Studio, UiPath Orchestrator.
●	UiPath RPA Development.
●	Process Analysis and Automation.
●	Workflow Design and Implementation.
●	Testing and Debugging, Data Integration.
●	Problem-solving, Communication, Teamwork.
●	Documentation, Time Management.
●	Database: SQL Server.
●	Programming Languages: C#, VB .NET. 
EXPERIENCE
●	Working as a Software Engineer in Adroit It Solutions Private Limited, Hyderabad from AUG 2020 TO till Present.

EDUCATION
●	M.Tech       	   -       	JNTUH   2016, Nizamabad.
●	B. Tech        	   -       	JNTUH   2014, Nizamabad.
●	Intermediate         -      	Visvodaya Junior College, Nizamabad.
●	SSC             	   -       	Victory High School, Nizamabad.
CERTIFICATIONS
●	UiPath Certified RPA Associate (UiRPA).
PROJECTS
#1 :
Project Name	 :    CCR - Complaint Channel Rerouting
Role                    :   Software Engineer.
Environment     :   RPA Uipath

Description:

               On a daily basis multiple complaints are logged into the company system by the customers for product defects and service issues. However, majority of these complaints are not routed to the correct channel and manually lot of effort is put on place to reroute these to the appropriate channel/team. This is, now has been automated to place complaints/incidents under the correct channel/assignment. Bot identifies certain keywords from the free text given by the customer inside the description and routes them to the correct channel. In an event where bot failed to identify a certain ticket, it will be sent to the team to get it manually reviewed. 
Automating this process has given an FTE save count of 7 employees (reduction from 14 to 7) with accuracy improvement by 15% processing around 1200 complaints per week.
Roles and Responsibilities:

•	Interacted with Client for requirement gathering and prepared documents like Process Design Document, Solution Design Document and Technical Design Document.
•	Handled end to end implementation for processes simultaneously.
•	Designed Objects, Integrated Processes, and Handled Exceptions and deployed them successfully Orchestrator
•	Automated almost all kinds of applications like Web based Application, PDF Documents, Thin Client Application using RPA tool Uipath.
•	Managed and communicated effectively with new resources to automate processes.
•	Helped and trained Analysts in designing the complete workflow of process to be automated.

#2 : 
Project                  :    Access Termination
Role Description  :    Team Member
Technology           :    (RPA) UiPath

Project Objective:
                 Employees who are leaving the company, Company has to remove all the access in all the tools and portal which is a manual work and need at least 3 to 5 Full time employees. Now a request which will be a trigger and includes all the details like Email ID, Employee Number, Last working date. Our BoT will start the access removal which includes nearly 5 sub processes like WebEx access termination, Cisco access termination, Mitel access termination, Google accounts access termination. On end of every sub process a mail will be sent to the related team.  Detailed report will be generated on completion of entire access termination.  This will save almost 4 to 5 full time employee equivalent.  
Roles and Responsibilities:

•	Interacted with Client for requirement gathering and prepared documents like Process Design Document, Solution Design Document and Technical Design Document.
•	Handled end to end implementation for processes simultaneously.
•	Designed Objects, Integrated Processes, and Handled Exceptions and deployed them successfully Orchestrator
•	Automated almost all kinds of applications like Web based Application, PDF Documents, Thin Client Application using RPA tool Uipath.
•	Managed and communicated effectively with new resources to automate processes.
•	Helped and trained Analysts in designing the complete workflow of process to be automated.

DECLARATION
                       	  I hereby declare that above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
NAME        
PLACE               				                                 ( KURAPATI RAJESH KUMAR )
